
In this exercise, we will ask you to exemplify how you would model, 
and store data around the flight search space. Ultimately, we will want the data to, at a minimum, 
be query-able and provide recommendation on travel to answer the following questions:
1.	What is the conversion rate for an individual flight search result? 
    For definition, an ‘individual flight search result’ is the following:
2.	How does the cost in miles affect the guests’ willingness to purchase? 
    For this question, assume that the conversion space is already tagged successfully, and this data is already accessible.
3.	How many times does a guest attempt to search for a destination that we do not
    serve for the given airport or date? This can be demoed through the following flight search: 

Tasks:

1.	Head over to alaskaair.com and perform a search for any flight. 
    Consider the different elements of data that could be utilized through this interaction. 
    We would recommend you at least focus on Flight Search and Flight Results as possible events to model, 
    but feel free to explore beyond those two if you feel further structure is necessary. 
    Modeling these events as a JSON Schema is preferred.


2.	Describe the tools/process you would use to model these events as they occur. 
    Feel free to include 3rd party tools as part of this process. 
    
    - Most of the data for the above created model can be accessed from the HTML forms associated with
    given page 
    - Status code - for a successful vs a bad search can also be gotten in the same way
    - Adobe analytics data can be used to make the orientation of elementson the webpage better  
    - The popularity metric for a given flight could be used to show flights to the user based on the user profiles 


3.	Propose different options of how consumers could interact with the data in real time and 
    list out the pros and cons.
    - Showing how a certain flight is popular among a certain user group based on their profiles would help
    the users to narrow down on their process of choosing a flight
    - This popularity metric can be populated using a variant of a recommendation engine among segmented user 
    classes,  profiled on their specific information

4.	The capture strategy will pipe directly to a storage strategy. 
    Based on how you chose to model data and how you chose to capture it, 
    please walkthrough the structure the data would have in a datastore. 
    Please provide any methodologies and list out pros and cons.

    As we follow the NoSql approach, here are a few advantages.
    - the schema-less, table free architecture makes it easy to scale and open to modifications while providing 
    flexibility to various data models
    - The data is modeled on a NoSql format as it would make scaling easier but there are some disadvantages 
    associated with choosing a NoSql Database over a SQL Database, majoryly being, the absence of ACID properties
     - thus providing only eventual consistency - in NoSQL making it difficult in cases where the seats for a flight are being booked in parallel by multiple 
    clients, making the data inconsistent for various users.
